Okay, we're going to start our bead placement
by making a border around our picture and
you just take the craft glue and as evenly
as possible you want to draw with the glue
around the picture. You want to try to get
as even a stream of glue as possible and if
it gets thick in a spot, you can just take
a toothpick or a pin and kind of stretch it
out or move it around if it's too thick. You
want it to be a nice even ring all around
the picture and then we're just going to,
one by one, place our beads on their side
all the way around the picture. Okay. Now
when the glue is partially dry, as it begins
to dry, you can move and manipulate the beads
a little bit, so don't worry about it when
it's wet and you first do it, and then go
back around after to straighten out anything
that may not be sticking in the right place.
These are pretty beads. They have kind of
a look of fresh water pearls when they're
all together like this. They're just nice
white glass beads. Okay, we're almost finished
with our pretty pearl beads and then we'll,
okay when you get all your beads around the
photo like this, then you can take a minute
to just check, check to see if they're even,
give them a little push wherever they might
need to be straightened out. Then we'll let
that dry. Next we're going to put the beads
on the outside of the heart.